Update the style and content on the FAQ page (#338)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/community/faq.mdx

import { Divider, FAQExpander } from '../../app/components';

<!-- KEYWORDS: faq question answers -->

# Frequently Asked Questions

We strive to provide as much information as possible about PX Blue in our documentation as possible. However, we can't always cover everything. Below are some common questions that people have asked about the platform. Please check to see if your question has been answered below before contacting us directly.

## Developers

> <FAQExpander question={`How do I start a project?`}>

Reviewer: Is it possible to turn off the top divider in the first accordion item?

Author: It's weird...the MUI example doesn't have it on the first one...but their CSS rules suggest that it should be there.

Author: NVM, i figured it out. They had another rule to hide it for :first-child...but our Accordion is not the first child because it follows the header. Wrapping it in a div fixes it.

> We have comprehensive Getting Started guides for [Web](/development/frameworks-web/intro) and [Mobile](/development/frameworks-mobile/intro) projects that walk you through the steps necessary to add PX Blue to your project, including adding themes, components libraries, etc. If you are starting a new project, we highly recommend using the [PX Blue CLI](/development/cli) to start your project. This will automatically integrate all of the necessary PX Blue resources as well as give you several templates to choose from for starting your project.

Reviewer: I would list CLI first and say "if you prefer to integrate manually, we have guides for x and x"

</FAQExpander>

## Designers

<FAQExpander question={`Do you have any design assets for PX Blue?`}>

Yes! We have standardized on Figma as our preferred tool for designing PX Blue applications. We have a [Component Stickersheet](https://www.figma.com/community/file/852558784352181868) as well as a [Design Pattern Stickersheet](https://www.figma.com/community/file/926189711301522231) that give you access to a wide array of design elements that you can use to kick start your projects. 

</FAQExpander>

<FAQExpander question={`Do you have design patterns for _____?`}>

We will be continuously updating the [Design Patterns](/patterns) section with new patterns and code samples as they are available. We will prioritize patterns and examples based on interest expressed from development teams. If there is something you want to see, please contact us.

If you have built something that you would like to share, check out our information on [innersourcing](/community/innersourcing) and [Contact Us](/community/contactus) with a demo.

</FAQExpander>

> <FAQExpander question={`Wht do other PX Blue projects look like?`}>

Reviewer: Typo

If you are interested in seeing some examples of past and present projects that have been designed using PX Blue, please get in touch with us. We would be more than happy to point you to some reference materials from other projects.

</FAQExpander>

<FAQExpander question={`How much creative freedom do I have as a designer?`}>

> PX Blue is not meant to be proscriptive in our recommendations. We want PX Blue products to feel like they are part of the same family, but we do not want them to all feel like the same application. There are some aspects of applications that need to be the same across products to drive this consistency, but other areas are fair game for you to develop your own style. You can learn more my reading our page on [Product Identity](/design/project-identity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PX Blue is not meant to be prescriptive in our recommendations. We want PX Blue products to feel like they are part of the same family, but we do not want them to all feel like the same application. There are some aspects of applications that need to be the same across products to drive this consistency, but other areas are fair game for you to develop your own style. You can learn more by reading our page on [Product Identity](/design/project-identity).
```

Author: The language here is a little confusing. Proscribe and Prescribe are kind of opposites. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29152776/104369959-313c9100-54ec-11eb-80cb-259ad0c44a61.png)
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29152776/104369983-38639f00-54ec-11eb-8b2e-dbb4b824f6f0.png)

Despite being opposites, I think a case could be made for using either one and having the same meaning lol. I will reword the sentence to avoid the word entirely.

Author: prescribe = you must do this
proscribe = you must not do this

Reviewer: Want to unify the languages? This is on the proj identity page.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8997218/104385657-a1a1dd00-5501-11eb-9253-17baa2e512c3.png)

</FAQExpander>

<FAQExpander question={`What if my development team says _____ is not possible?`}>

If you are designing your project using the PX Blue assets we provide, these should be achievable without much issue on the development side. If you have specific concerns, please feel free to contact our development team and we can help your developers find a solution that will work.

</FAQExpander>

<FAQExpander question={`How can I contribute?`}>

If you are interested in contributing to PX Blue, that's awesome! We would love to see what you have designed. If you have components or patterns that you think would be valuable to share with the rest of the PX Blue community, please get in touch with us for a discussion. You can also find more information on our [Innersourcing](/community/innersourcing#how-we-innersource-new-features) page.

</FAQExpander>

> ## Everyone

Reviewer: Why is "for everyone" listed after "developers" and "designers"?

Author: 🤷

<FAQExpander question={`What is your release schedule?`}>

> PX Blue operates on a continuous delivery model — we release new resources as soon as they are available. Our work is planned on a quarterly basis and towards the end of each quarter we hold a release announcement event where we go over all of the updates to the platform that were made during that quarter and answer questions from the community. If you would like to attend these announcements, please contact us and we will add you to our mailing list. You can track our progress for the current quarter our [Roadmap](/roadmap) page, which is updated every two weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PX Blue operates on a continuous delivery model — we release new resources as soon as they are available. Our work is planned on a quarterly basis and towards the end of each quarter we hold a release announcement event where we go over all of the updates to the platform that were made during that quarter and answer questions from the community. If you would like to attend these announcements, please contact us and we will add you to our mailing list. You can track our progress for the current quarter on our [Roadmap](/roadmap) page, which is updated every two weeks.
```

</FAQExpander>

<FAQExpander question={`Can you provide our team with an overview of PX Blue?`} style={{marginBottom: 64}}>

> Yes. If you would like to meet with out team to go over the basics (whats and whys) of PX Blue and go through everything that we have to offer, please get in touch with us to set up a time.

Reviewer 2: just typo here. with out  to be with our
